On the night I was born, the rain was pourin', God was cryin'
Lightnin' struck, power outage, sparks was flyin'
The real one's here, the young boy that walk with lions
Around the outlines of chalk where the corpses lyin'
Of course I'm tryin' to revive a sport that's dyin'
But the guns and the drug bars that y'all relyin'
Got these nerds thinkin' that you niggas hard as I am
But that just mean I ain't as comfortable as y'all with lyin'
Stretchin' the truth, no, I never stress in the booth
They feel the pressure, me? I feel like I just left the masseuse
Effortless, how I'm skatin' on these records was proof
I put your favorite rapper neck in a noose, never lettin' them loose
Cole World, the heat'll blast through your speaker
He the last of Mohicans, no weaklings last in my sneakers
Nigga want me on a song, he gon' see the wrath of the reaper
I'm prolly gon' go to Hell if Jesus ask for a feature
I'm higher than niggas and don't need a bag full of reefer
Some see the glass as empty, I see a glass full of ether
Collectin' his bread in mass like he a Catholic preacher
Just to count a nigga cash, you might need a calculus teacher
Eureka, Einstein on the brink of the theory of relativity
Really no MC equal, feel me?
Cole pen be lethal, crib like an old MTV show, uh
On God, the best rapper alive
Headshot, now go and ask the best rappers that died
They tell you he never lied, nigga


"And it can be as simple as it seems,

If you never doubt yourself and learn from everything you see,

No wishing on a star can turn your life into a dream.

You could walk on water, just don't look down at your feet."

"Now every second is a classic when nothing last.

Gotta take a moment and appreciate the fact

That this world is turning faster and faster;

Once you found the real it's hard to tolerate the plastic."

"And it can be as simple as it seems,

If you never doubt yourself and learn from everything you see,

No wishing on a star can turn your life into a dream.

You could walk on water, just don't look down at your feet."

"Now every second is a classic when nothing last.

Gotta take a moment and appreciate the fact

That this world is turning faster and faster;

Once you found the real it's hard to tolerate the plastic."


ehahsuhhdindaijoifhajoifjaejhfeabvcscjhcsdshwhvdbvhqwbdbqwd
ksyuagdbawhbdcgyfgqewc
iugyashb chagfcvhabvchgyuaegbcfeq
caugcbveqwjhvcyufgaeygfbhjqebfciuhgqwef
agygcbvbhabcuygauibdqhascasjhkb ckja
ajsbchjkabkvgcakjb c